Thirty miles. Why are you here?
I'll pick you up from get off work. Why are you so happy?
When I called before, I was still a little disappointed.
I'm telling you.
There was a psycho at work who was giving me trouble.
Then I, the CEO of Anhui, was attacked,
Taught him a lesson for me. Crying in anger. No
Awesome, my wife was bullied
Go and help me organize justice.
You are still so happy
You're in charge
OK, let's go, I'll treat you
Let's go, job ceremony
That's not a professional gift. Meet the sun.
Dare to embarrass me
Sooner or later, you will die waiting for me to leave
i am awesome
If we can’t eat it, why don’t we eat it?
If you eat too much, buy more.
No, how can we waste it?
Okay, I'll eat more next time
Let me give it to you